References new Kubernetes / OpenShift deployment guide (#1785)
lagom/lagom: docs/manual/java/releases/Migration15.md

#### Docker images and deployment specs

> With the removal of ConductR or Lightbend Orchestration, the docker images and deployment specs will have to be maintained manually. Therefore the recommended migration is to take ownership of the `Dockerfile`, deployment scripts and orchestration specs.  

Reviewer: Can we have a small explanation about why do we consider this a better approach for users?

Author: I can add here the same text I used on a recent discussion at http://discuss.lightbend.com/

> We have written a [comphrensive guide](https://developer.lightbend.com/guides/openshift-deployment/lagom/index.html) on how to deploy a Lagom application in Kubernetes or OpenShift. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
We have written a [comprehensive guide](https://developer.lightbend.com/guides/openshift-deployment/lagom/index.html) on how to deploy a Lagom application in Kubernetes or OpenShift. 
```

Reviewer 2: LGTM with Marcos' suggestion

> We also found that such maintenance can be made easier by making use of [kustomize](https://github.com/kubernetes-sigs/kustomize).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
We also found that such maintenance can be made easier by using [kustomize](https://github.com/kubernetes-sigs/kustomize).
```
